INSTRUCTIONS

Each round of cribbage involves three main phases: the DEAL and making the CRIB, the PLAY, and the SHOW.
Points can be earned in each of these phases, although rarely in the first.
The first player to have a point total of at least 121 wins the game.
Play immediately ends, and other players do not have an opportunity to match or exceed this player's score.

Face cards (Jack, Queen, King) contribute 10 toward the sum in the PLAY, and 10 to "fifteen" point scores
in the PLAY and the SHOW. All other cards are worth their rank for these instances.

Cribbage is traditionally played by 2 players, but the standard 3 person and solo 4 person rules have
been implemented as well.

THE DEAL AND MAKING THE CRIB

Before starting play, each player will cut the deck for a card.
The player with the lowest rank card is the dealer in the first round.
In the case of a tie, the player who cut first is the first dealer.
Dealer position rotates clockwise for the next round.

After shuffling the deck, the dealer deals cards singly clockwise, starting with 
the player directly left until the required number of cards to each player have been dealt.
After dealing to players, if required, cards are dealt to the crib.

After all required cards have been dealt, players must discard a required number of cards to the crib.
The crib is an additional hand the dealer gets to score during the SHOW, so cards chosen
to discard to the crib should depend on whose crib it is in the current round.

Finally, the player directly to the left of the dealer cuts the remaining deck, and brings the card to the top.
If this card is a Jack, the dealer scores 2 points from a "heel".
This revealed top card, called the "starter", is an additional card added to each hand, including the crib,
for scoring points during the SHOW.

THE PLAY

During the PLAY, players lay down cards until either the sum of cards played
is 31, or until no player can play a card without exceeding 31.
The play resets, with a sum of 0, and no previously played cards that can be scored on.
Play keeps resetting when necessary, until all players have played all of their cards.

During the PLAY, points can be scored as follows:
1. "Fifteen-two" - Playing a card that makes the sum of points played 15 (2 points)
2. "Runs" - Playing a card that results in at least three cards of ascending
   rank being played successively, although not neccessarily in order
   (1 point for each card in the run)
3. "Pairs" - Playing a card that has the same rank of at least one directly
   proceeding card (2 points for each distinct pair can be made from the cards of the same rank)
4. "Go" - Playing a card that makes the sum of points played 31 (2 points),
   or being the last player who played a card before resetting play (1 point)

THE SHOW

The SHOW consists of players counting points for the contents of their hand, plus the "starter" on top of the deck.
Although some of the scoring categories are the same as the PLAY, there is no sequence of cards played to consider.
The order of your cards may be rearranged to score points from any of following categories.

During the SHOW, points can be scored as follows:
1. "Fifteen" - Any distinct combination of cards that add up to 15 (2 points)
2. "Runs" - Any sequence of at least 3 cards of ascending rank (1 point for each card in sequence)
3. "Pairs" - Two cards of the same rank (2 points)
4. "Flush" - All cards in hand are of the same suit (4 points), plus (1 point) if the "starter" is also the same suit
5. "Nobs" - The player has a Jack that is the same suit as the "starter"

The crib scores the same as above, except in the case of the "flush".
A crib only scores a "flush" (5 points) if all cards, including the "starter", are the same suit.

PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION

Most of cribbage play is done automatically by the program.
There are four main parts of the program with user input beyond number of player selection: initial dealer selection,
cutting of deck for "starter", discard to crib selection, and card selection for PLAY.

For initial dealer selection, each player will get the option of selecting how many cards they would like to cut
from the remaining deck before taking a card. Each player can select to not cut any cards and select the top card
with an input of 0.

For cutting the deck for "starter", the "pone", or the player to the dealer's left, can select how many cards to cut
before selecting a card. As in initial dealer selection, the "pone" can choose the top card with 0.

For discard to crib selection, each player will get a chance to look at their dealt hand, displayed from left to right.
To select a card, input the number given to the card. The furthest left card is 1, will each card to the right being
one number higher. As you discard cards to the crib, you will see your available hand and the numbers you can choose
decrease.

Selecting card for PLAY is very similar to discarding for crib selection. The main difference is that since a player
may not be able to play a card, the program will automatically skip a player's turn if they can not play.
Additionally, if a player attempts to play a card that would put the sum over 31, they will be asked to choose a
different card. Since the program has checked to see if they have any playable cards, the player will be able to
select a valid option.

END OF INSTRUCTIONS